hello and welcome this is a tutorial on
how to join a t1 EP or a 180 half cap on
the scooter and I'm going to show you
the example now I'm going to show you
step-by-step how to do a 180 180 first
up you want to know it's going to want
to know is how to bunny twisting so just
bring your feet up you jump off your
deck and you bring the deck to your feet
and like this what's it look like
you're not going to get that high just
like a decent one like that and that's a
this second stuff you're gonna want to
know is how do we need
it's quite simple all you have to do is
bring the deck up little bunny hop and
turn and it should look like this I'll
go into one whole details soon books
that's a little second only you have to
do is remember jump up once you've
gotten your feet and their money off the
180 you're just gonna need to know once
you got your 180 you're gonna need a
moving backwards like place or block
there's something and or put your foot
and just go backwards and then try to
jump and one eat like that you're gonna
want to do this one you have to or 180
I'm gonna go like that just go and
you're just gonna try to keep on going
then you're gonna push off your feet do
180 like that it's the last and final
step this is the transition once you
keep on young lady flow you're gonna
wander 180 flow and jump off I'm gonna
do it two times or something until you
get it nice and when you got that 180
back you're ready try so here's what it
looks like thank you for watching this
video link will be in the description
and it will be on the screen somewhere
please like comment share and tell me if
this helps in the conference
thank you